Mother of Learning is a DnD inspired fantasy series centering around Zorian Kazinski, a mage student of no particular renown. Zorian's life takes a dramatic turn when he is slain in an invasion of his city. Inexplicably, he awakens a month back in time, and comes to realize that he is imprisoned with a month-long time loop of mysterious origin. Zorian must face adversaries far more powerful and knowledgeable than he is, with his only advantage being the ability to try and try again. The title is apt - repetition is the Mother of Learning.

The series explores several broader themes. In one sense, it is a kind of coming-of-age story, with associated themes of family and friendship as Zorian discovers new aspects of himself and those around him. Zorian at the start is a young man with a number of insecurities and issues. He has a rocky relationship with his family members, believing his parents to unfairly favor his insufferable older siblings, especially his eldest sibling Daimen, who is both famous, talented, and incredibly charismatic. Zorian is constantly compared to Daimen and found wanting, and these insecurities infect many other aspects of his life, leaving him with few if any friends. As the story proceeds and Zorian becomes more and more skilled, his newfound agency grants him better perspective on the people around him. Many of his grudges remain, but they are tempered by a newfound confidence in himself, and the true friends he makes through the course of the story.

The characters and themes of Mother of Learning are enjoyable, but by far its greatest aspect is its plot. The nature of the story is that Zorian replays the same 1 month timeframe again and again and again, each time learning more about his enemies, and the nature of the loop itself. The story is orchestrated with incredible subtlety yet skill. The reader approaches with a certain understanding of the events of the story, and that understanding is almost continuously challenged and reworked with new information and exhilarating twists. If the story was not meticulously planned from the start, this wouldn't work and there would be continuity issues, but the author has skillfully rendered a masterful conjunction of plotlines that accurately captures the motivations and capabilities of every character so it never feels artificially drawn out.
